Tweaks to command-line help, readme and contribution guidelines (#9)
IBM/zowe-cli-cics-deploy-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines
The contribution guidelines in this document pertain to contributing to this zowe-cli-cics-deploy-plugin repository.

This project welcomes all contributions. 
- If you find a bug or would like to suggest an improvement, please raise an issue.

> - If you'd like to contribute a bug fix or small enhancement, please fork the repo and make a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you would like to contribute a bug fix or small enhancement, please fork the repo and make a pull request.
```

> - If you'd like to contribute a new feature, please raise an issue describing your proposal so we can discuss it first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you would like to contribute a new feature, please raise an issue describing your proposal so we can discuss it first.
```
